chore: update README.md (#1)
open-space-collective/.github: profile/README.md

- **C++** – the reference implementation, for portability and performance.
- **Python** – via C++ bindings, formidable for interactive use and prototyping.

![Animation](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/master/assets/animation.gif)

> ## Documentation
> **Please consult the [open-space-toolkit](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit) base repo to find:**
> - a detailed [README](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/main/README.md)
> - the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
> - the [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Documentation

Please consult the [open-space-toolkit](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit) repository to find:

- a detailed [README](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/main/README.md)
- the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```
